OSDOCS CQA WINC-3: Windows Containers Release Notes and Support (#113586)
openshift/openshift-docs: windows_containers/wmco_rn/windows-containers-release-notes-prereqs.adoc

= Windows Machine Config Operator prerequisites
include::_attributes/common-attributes.adoc[]

[role="_abstract"]
The following information details the supported platform versions, Windows Server versions, and networking configurations for the Windows Machine Config Operator (WMCO). See the vSphere documentation for any information that is relevant to only that platform.

[id="wmco-prerequisites-supported_{context}"]
== WMCO supported platforms and Windows Server versions

> The following table lists the Windows Server versions that are supported by WMCO, based on the applicable platform. Windows Server versions not listed are not supported and attempting to use them will cause errors. To prevent these errors, use only an appropriate version for your platform.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following table lists the Windows Server versions that are supported by WMCO, based on the applicable platform. Windows Server versions not listed are not supported and cause errors. To prevent these errors, use only an appropriate version for your {ocp}.
```

Author: We don't have an :ocp: attribute in common attributes. Could use {product-title}. But, I think the emphasis here needs to be on the specifc cloud platform.

[cols="3,7",options="header"]
|===
|Platform
|Supported Windows Server version

|Amazon Web Services (AWS)

> a|* Windows Server 2022, OS Build 20348.681 or later ^[1]^

Reviewer: ```suggestion
a|* Windows Server 2022, OS Build 20348.681 or later
```

Author: Why remove the footnote?

* Windows Server 2019, version 1809

|Microsoft Azure
a|* Windows Server 2022, OS Build 20348.681 or later
* Windows Server 2019, version 1809

|VMware vSphere
|Windows Server 2022, OS Build 20348.681 or later

|{gcp-first}
|Windows Server 2022, OS Build 20348.681 or later

|Nutanix
|Windows Server 2022, OS Build 20348.681 or later

|Bare metal or provider agnostic
a|* Windows Server 2022, OS Build 20348.681 or later
* Windows Server 2019, version 1809
|===

> [.small]

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```
not sure if this formatting mark causes any migration issues; @bergerhoffer do you know?

Author: If so, this might require a global change.

Reviewer 2: @ShaunaDiaz @mburke5678 I believe we checked with Jaromir about our alternative footnote format and he said it wasn't a problem.

> . For disconnected clusters, the Windows AMI must have the EC2LaunchV2 agent version 2.0.2107 or later installed. For more information, see ["Install the latest version of EC2Launch v2 (AWS documentation)"] in the _Additional resources_ section.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. For disconnected clusters, the Windows AMI must have the EC2LaunchV2 agent version 2.0.2107 or later installed. For more information, see "Install the latest version of EC2Launch v2 (AWS documentation)" in the _Additional resources_ section.
```
